feat(Linear): Update docs to reflect new feature (#4729)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/project-mgmt/linear/index.mdx

   ![](linear-install-pg.png)

2. Follow the full [Linear installation instructions](https://linear.app/docs/sentry).

## Issue Management

> Issue tracking allows you to create Linear issues from within Sentry, and link Sentry issues to existing Linear issues. Issue management can be configured in two ways - automatically or manually.

Reviewer: Changing en dash to em dash

```suggestion
Issue tracking allows you to create Linear issues from within Sentry, and link Sentry issues to existing Linear issues. Issue management can be configured in two ways — automatically or manually.
```

> #### Automatically

Reviewer: Always avoid skipping heading levels as this causes the right sidebar to not render properly.

```suggestion
### Automatically
```

> To configure issue management automatically, create an [**Issue Alert**](/product/alerts/alert-types/#issue-alerts) or a [**Metric Alert**](/product/alerts/alert-types/#metric-alerts). When selecting the [**action**](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions), choose **Notify Integration** >> **Linear** for issue alerts, or select **Linear** from the action dropdown for metric alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure issue management automatically, create an [issue alert](/product/alerts/alert-types/#issue-alerts) or a [metric alert](/product/alerts/alert-types/#metric-alerts). When selecting the [action](/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config/#then-conditions-actions), choose "Notify Integration" and then "Linear" for issue alerts, or select "Linear" from the action dropdown for metric alerts.
```

![](linear-rule.png)

> A Linear issue will be created automatically when the alert has been triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Linear issue will be created automatically when the alert is triggered.
```

> #### Manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually
```

> To configure issue management manually, once you've navigated to a specific Sentry issue, you'll find the **Linked Issues** section on the right hand panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure issue management manually, navigate to a specific Sentry issue and find the "Linked Issues" section on the right hand panel.
```
